Hmph, did you see that?
You and Wang Xiaohu have betrayed each other
The Heaven and Earth Alliance is the most disciplined place
So there is a covenant
36th generation violated the covenant
Even if there is one emperor and two queens, there are still three kings
Will be severely punished
Your son has done a lot of evil
Why is it in your mouth?
It's like I'm wronging you
Humph Wang Xiaohu as one of the three kings
What he says is what he says
How can we justify it?
Since your name is not safe
Then I will also
Don't worry, it's killing
This knife looks familiar
I seem to have seen it somewhere
Xuanming sword
The black and yellow knives in the underground back then
There are rumors in the rivers and lakes that this sword is a miracle of mysterious iron outside the sky
The beginning of drawing knives
Born Like a Dragon
The skill of wielding a knife is a thunderbolt
Ah.
After the black and yellow attacked and sealed the knife
Xuanming Divine Sword has disappeared in the rivers and lakes
Ha ha.
Just a second-rate boy in the rivers and lakes
I don't know where I found a broken knife
How could it be Xuanming Divine Sword?
You finally got the knife out, mom
What are you talking about?
Come on uncle
Don't be afraid
Even if a person has three heads and six arms
It's no match for so many of us to kill
Ah!
Ah run
This first course is for being oppressed by you
People of Qunzhou
Second go
It's the price you paid for kidnapping my daughter
This third knife
It is so that you will no longer be evil husbands in the future.
Luo, save me
Haven't seen you in years
The knife technique is still so sharp